add dependency list to docs (#4607)
numba/numba: docs/source/user/installing.rst

`PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/numba/>`_.  In addition to ``llvmlite``, you will also need:

* A C compiler compatible with your Python installation.  If you are using

>   Anaconda, you can use the follwing conda packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Anaconda, you can use the following conda packages:
```

  * Linux ``x86``: ``gcc_linux-32`` and ``gxx_linux-32``
  * Linux ``x86_64``: ``gcc_linux-64`` and ``gxx_linux-64``

>   * Linux ``POWER``: ``gcc_linux-ppc64le``

Reviewer: The C++ compiler `gxx_linux-ppc64le` is also needed.

Author: Yup

  * Linux ``ARM``: no conda packages, use the system compiler

>   * Mac OSX: ``clang_osx-64`` and ``clangxx_osx-64`` or the sytem compiler at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Mac OSX: ``clang_osx-64`` and ``clangxx_osx-64`` or the system compiler at
```

>     ``/usr/bin/clang`` (Mojave onwards).

Reviewer: Probably need to say something about visual studio here too?

Author: Yup

`PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/numba/>`_.  In addition to ``llvmlite``, you will also need:

* A C compiler compatible with your Python installation.  If you are using
  Anaconda, you can use the following conda packages:

  * Linux ``x86``: ``gcc_linux-32`` and ``gxx_linux-32``
  * Linux ``x86_64``: ``gcc_linux-64`` and ``gxx_linux-64``
  * Linux ``POWER``: ``gcc_linux-ppc64le`` and ``gxx_linux-ppc64le``
  * Linux ``ARM``: no conda packages, use the system compiler
  * Mac OSX: ``clang_osx-64`` and ``clangxx_osx-64`` or the system compiler at
    ``/usr/bin/clang`` (Mojave onwards).

>   * Windows: an approprite version of Visual Studio that can compile Python

Reviewer: Perhaps `an version of Visual Studio appropriate for the Python version in use` ?

Author: Sure

.. _numba-source-install-check:

Dependency List
---------------

Numba has numerous required and optional dependencies which additionally may
vary with target operating system and hardware. The following lists them all
(as of September 2019).

> * Required build time:

Author: Maybe we could list examples? Like the conda packages for linux and osx? (Which I still don't know what they are).

> * Required build time:

Author: Is it just `clang`?

> * Required build time:

Reviewer: For conda packages...

On linux this:
* `gcc_linux-64` for `x86_64`
* `gcc_linux-32` for `x86`
* `gcc_linux-ppc64le` for POWER
* There are no packages for ARM on the Anaconda distribution channels so the system compiler is used.

On OSX:
* `clang_osx-64`

The C++ compilers are the same but s/clang/clangxx/ and s/gcc/gxx/

> * Required build time:

Author: As for OSX - I use the system compiler at `/usr/bin/clang`. I'll mention that in the docs.

  * ``setuptools``
  * ``numpy``
  * ``llvmlite``
  * ``funcsigs`` (Python 2)

>   * ``singledispatch`` (Python 2)

Author: Yeah, I don't think there is much point in adding 3.4 deps at this stage.

  * ``intel-openmp`` (OSX) - provides OpenMP library support for Numba's threading backend.
  * ``tbb-devel`` - provides TBB headers/libraries for compiling TBB support into Numba's threading backend

* Required run time:

  * ``numpy``
  * ``llvmlite``
  * ``funcsigs`` (Python 2)
  * ``singledispatch`` (Python 2)

* Optional runtime are:

  * ``scipy`` - provides cython bindings used in Numba's ``np.linalg.*`` support
  * ``tbb`` - provides the TBB runtime libraries used by Numba's TBB threading backend
  * ``jinja2`` - for "pretty" type annotation output (HTML) via the ``numba`` CLI
  * ``cffi`` - permits use of CFFI bindings in Numba compiled functions
  * ``intel-openmp`` - (OSX) provides OpenMP library support for Numba's OpenMP threading backend
  * ``ipython`` - if in use, caching will use IPython's cache directories/caching still works
  * ``pyyaml`` - permits the use of a ``.numba_config.yaml`` file for storing per project configuration options
  * ``colorama`` - makes error message highlighting work
  * ``icc_rt`` - (numba channel) allows Numba to use Intel SVML for extra performance

>   * ``pygments`` - for "pretty" type annotation

Reviewer: Also compilers can go here for `pycc` AOT compilation.

Reviewer: Not sure if we should mention gdb here too?

Author: So, just `pycc` and `gdb`?

Reviewer: `pycc` is the Numba tool for performing AOT compilation, it relies on a working tool chain, e.g. https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/4607#discussion_r327992817. The `gdb` support relies on a `gdb` binary being present on `$PATH`.

Author: Yup

  * ``intel-openmp`` (OSX) - provides OpenMP library support for Numba's
    threading backend.
  * ``tbb-devel`` - provides TBB headers/libraries for compiling TBB support
    into Numba's threading backend

* Required run time:

  * ``numpy``
  * ``llvmlite``
  * ``funcsigs`` (Python 2)
  * ``singledispatch`` (Python 2)

* Optional runtime are:

  * ``scipy`` - provides cython bindings used in Numba's ``np.linalg.*``
    support
  * ``tbb`` - provides the TBB runtime libraries used by Numba's TBB threading
    backend
  * ``jinja2`` - for "pretty" type annotation output (HTML) via the ``numba``
    CLI
  * ``cffi`` - permits use of CFFI bindings in Numba compiled functions
  * ``intel-openmp`` - (OSX) provides OpenMP library support for Numba's OpenMP
    threading backend
  * ``ipython`` - if in use, caching will use IPython's cache
    directories/caching still works
  * ``pyyaml`` - permits the use of a ``.numba_config.yaml``
    file for storing per project configuration options
  * ``colorama`` - makes error message highlighting work
  * ``icc_rt`` - (numba channel) allows Numba to use Intel SVML for extra
    performance
  * ``pygments`` - for "pretty" type annotation

>   * ``gdb`` - if you would like to us ethe gdb support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``gdb`` - if you would like to use the gdb support
```
also probably work making clear that this is a system binary not a package?

* Optional runtime are:

  * ``scipy`` - provides cython bindings used in Numba's ``np.linalg.*``
    support
  * ``tbb`` - provides the TBB runtime libraries used by Numba's TBB threading
    backend
  * ``jinja2`` - for "pretty" type annotation output (HTML) via the ``numba``
    CLI
  * ``cffi`` - permits use of CFFI bindings in Numba compiled functions
  * ``intel-openmp`` - (OSX) provides OpenMP library support for Numba's OpenMP
    threading backend
  * ``ipython`` - if in use, caching will use IPython's cache
    directories/caching still works
  * ``pyyaml`` - permits the use of a ``.numba_config.yaml``
    file for storing per project configuration options
  * ``colorama`` - makes error message highlighting work
  * ``icc_rt`` - (numba channel) allows Numba to use Intel SVML for extra
    performance
  * ``pygments`` - for "pretty" type annotation
  * ``gdb`` as an executable on the ``$PATH`` - if you would like to use the gdb
    support
  * Compiler toolchain mentioned above, if you would like to use ``pycc`` for
    Ahead-of-Time (AOT) compilation

* To build the documentation:

  * ``sphinx``
  * ``pygments``
  * ``sphinx-bootstrap``

>   * ``numpydoc``

Reviewer: I think this technically also requires a working ``make``.

Author: correct
